TELCODOCS-1828: Clarify supported format for osImages.openshiftVersion in ZTP docs (#86715)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ztp-configuring-the-cluster-for-a-disconnected-environment.adoc

  mirrorRegistryRef:
    name: assisted-installer-mirror-config <2>
  osImages:
    - openshiftVersion: <ocp_version> <3>
      url: <iso_url> <4>
----
<1> Set the `AgentServiceConfig` namespace to `multicluster-engine` to match the `ConfigMap` namespace.
<2> Set `mirrorRegistryRef.name` to match the definition specified in the related `ConfigMap` CR.

> <3> Set the {product-title} version in either the x.y or x.y.z formats.

Reviewer: Maybe a bit clearer? Either way, I think s/formats/format.
```suggestion
<3> Set the {product-title} version to either the x.y or x.y.z format.
```
